Update F# getting started tutorials (#16366)
dotnet/docs: docs/fsharp/get-started/install-fsharp.md

---
title: Install F#
description: Learn how to install F# in various different ways.
ms.date: 12/20/2019
---
# Install F\#

You can install F# in multiple ways, depending on your environment.

## Install F# with Visual Studio

> 1. If you're downloading [Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/vs/?utm_medium=microsoft&utm_source=docs.microsoft.com&utm_campaign=inline+link) for the first time, it will first install Visual Studio Installer. Install the appropriate edition of Visual Studio from the installer.

Reviewer: should we send them here instead?

```suggestion
1. If you're downloading [Visual Studio](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/?utm_medium=microsoft&utm_source=docs.microsoft.com&utm_campaign=inline+link&utm_content=download+vs2019) for the first time, it will first install Visual Studio Installer. Install the appropriate edition of Visual Studio from the installer.
```

   If you already have Visual Studio installed, choose **Modify** next to the edition you want to add F# to.

2. On the Workloads page, select the **ASP.NET and web development** workload, which includes F# and .NET Core support for ASP.NET Core projects.

3. Choose **Modify** in the lower right-hand corner to install everything you've selected.

   You can then open Visual Studio with F# by choosing **Launch** in Visual Studio Installer.

## Install F# with Visual Studio Code

> 1. Ensure you have [git installed](https://git-scm.com/download) and available on your PATH. You can verify that it's installed correctly by entering `git --version` at a command prompt and pressing **Enter**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensure you have [git](https://git-scm.com/download) installed and available on your PATH. You can verify that it's installed correctly by entering `git --version` at a command prompt and pressing **Enter**.
```
